we've been really fortunate over the
years with our swimsuit calendar that
we're able to really make it a unique
product this year we shot our calendar
at Marco Island in Florida very short
distance from the Bay Area
and we stayed at the Marco Island
Marriott fantastic location it was on
the beach everything inclusive it was
gorgeous and we were very lucky to get
most of our shots right there on
location this year we have 32 swimsuits
custom-made so they're Buccaneer themed
custom made for each cheerleader
we took our own NFL jerseys and we used
our playoff attack flags made two
different swimsuits we also did our
treasure map and we're very excited
about that this year during the week
that we were at Marco Island Marriott we
were very fortunate the week of the
event and the calendar shoot you know
each cheerleader has a day of their
shoot so that day is really occupied but
we also have 31 other girls that are not
occupied while they're not shooting so
we were able to really put together some
great activities we had parasailing we
had jet skiing we put a volleyball game
together and the girls really got into
it because they made costumes somewhat
in swimsuits but they really had team
identified outfits and they really were
competitive and had a good time and we
also really made sure that they were
bonding as a team so they're working out
they went running on the beach they did
really unique things during that week so
it kept them really occupied and also
had a great time a lot goes into getting
that perfect photo for the calendar
shoot and the process is long the girls
get up at least two hours prior to their
shoot take time and get their hair done
their makeup done get their suit on and
then they go out to location for us with
the camera crew finding the location is
really important for each girl to make
it very different and unique so finding
the location then they have their about
hour each of shooting and some girls are
a little more comfortable in that
process in some
so you're really making sure the
elements of the scenery the swimsuit is
involved and making sure that all those
elements are perfect and getting that
perfect shot that final product it
really shines and those girls were
fantastic I assign each rookie to be
part of each girl shoot and it's an
element that they really get a chance to
watch someone else take their photo
before they are in that position
and feel a little more comfortable but
they're also helping with the crew you
know they're gathering things or helping
with the set so they are a big part of
it and helping with that girl to make
sure that she feels the most comfortable
in that process we're lucky this year to
have a new photographer Michael sue from
sue photography and it really is
important to have chemistry with your
photographer I'm working very close with
him and really giving him my vision and
the team's vision of what we're looking
for this season on our calendar and he
has to kind of really represent that and
how we communicate and get the girls
really the best shot he's phenomenal he
really worked well with us I only had
worked with him with our individual and
team shots prior in studios this was a
different element we're out on location
and we're looking for brand new
locations and we're all really going
back and forth with ideas and it really
came together fantastic we have a brand
new Japanese cheerleader we have had
Tomoko kojima who has been on our team
for now our sixth season who has come
from Japan and came here just to cheer
for the NFL just to cheer for the
Buccaneers
she is very comfortable in front of the
camera at this point this year we had a
brand new Japanese cheerleader her name
is aya and she's fantastic but our
communication is not so well obviously
she is just learning English and just
learning things so working with the
camera and photographer video crew hair
makeup myself instructing her in that
shoot so it went down and quite a few
people to get to her it was a great time
because the Sun was setting but we had a
very short amount of time to make sure
we communicate it with her well she felt
comfortable and she understood what we
were asking
one of the days we chartered a boat and
took some of the girls that were
shooting at that time out through Marco
Island gorgeous location there were so
many different places but as we were
driving by to one of the other islands
we see a boat turned over in the water
it's a shipwreck and how appropriate and
exciting is that our boat could not get
to there it was obviously a area that
you need a smaller boat so we went
somewhere found a boat went out and
brought the girls on this put them on it
was fantastic a great opportunity and
the shot turned out unbelievable several
different shots that we took there we
could have probably taken all day
because it was fantastic it was hard to
maneuver on to get on the boat and bring
the girls off and we had a great time
Buccaneer fans I think you're going to
be extremely happy with the calendar it
has all 32 cheerleaders and it is all
Buccaneer theme throughout training camp
will be your first opportunity to
purchase the 2008/2009 swimsuit calendar